---
layout: post
title:  "So far............."
date:   2017-09-10 02:37:08 +0000
---


I've been in the Online Web Development Program since March of this year. I'm back tracking as I just set this blog up today and I have never done a blog. I'll start from the beginning. For Christmas last year my mom got me a subscription to Birchbox. Shortly after the new year I got an email from Birchbox about women in tech and a scholarship program that was being offered to Flatiron. I should mention I had been considering futher education options so this email grabbed my attention. I did some research on coding, Flatiron and some other online coding programs. Coding looked interesting to me. Maybe I could do this? I could change careers, I'm relatively still young (31), recently divorced, no kids, plenty of time on my hand (Netflix is probably getting sick of me). :) I decided to go for it, applied and was accepted into the school and got the schloarship! It was so exciting, I had a plan, a direction, a brighter future. 

I knew the program was going to be hard. I didn't realize how hard it would be to do working full time. I struggled and still struggle with balancing it. I set goals for myself that were constantly not attained and it made it harder for me to keep a postiive mind set. I would tell myself ok, I'm going to do 2 hours every day after work, That would be 10 hours and then at least 5 on Saturday and Sunday, then I would be putting in 20 hours a week. That didn't even last a week.

I began looking at my laptop with disgust. I was discouraged. I started making excuses for myself, I had a tough day at work, I'll do it tomorrow. I would get stuck on a lab and avoid it for days knowing there was the problem I couldn't solve blocking me from moving forward. I don't like to ask for help. 

I know I'm going into all the negatives, don't get me wrong, there are moments I am on top of it, I work on a lab for 2 hours and I finally solve it and I throw my hands up and dance around like I just won the super bowl. Those moments are amazing. It gives me strength to keep moving through the program but also through other issues I encounter in life. 

I have felt that I have fallen behind, I struggled for a few months to keep on top of my progress. I am trying to look at this with a fresh perspective. I want to see that I am making progress toward a better more fulfiliing career for myself. I may not finish in record time but I will finish this program. The beginning of this blog is marking a new beginning in my coding education. 

More to follow... Nicole
